README.md, before:

# 💣Hellbomb💣 Script for fixing Helldivers 2 Issues

![image](https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/assets/166264070/cc30472b-83ab-4b2f-90b9-2f1ec2170e50)



## How to Use:

 1. **Open** PowerShell (no need to run as an Administrator)
 2. Click on [the PowerShell script]([url](https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/blob/main/Hellbomb%20Script.ps1))
 3. **Copy** entire script by clicking the copy button in the top right by the script
    
       <img src = "https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/assets/166264070/5a600b1c-64f6-4956-ba2f-f82c9a317f81" height=50>
       
 6. **Paste** into PowerShell (right-clicking **only** will paste)
 7. Press **Enter** until the program runs, and the menu appears (depending on how you paste you may have to press **Enter** a couple of times)
 8. Choose a selection using the corresponding letters
 9. Expect Administrator prompts depending on what you're doing. Check to make sure the prompts match what you wanted to do.

**Security Info:**

VirusTotal results: [https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854](https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854) for HellbombScript.ps1
You can check the File Hash by:

1. Saving the script as a .ps1
2. Changing to the directory where the script is saved
3. Running ``Get-FileHash 'Hellbomb Script.ps1' -eq 764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854`` should return ``True``

The ``Hellbomb Script.ps1`` SHA265 hash should match the VirusTotal file hash of ``764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854``.

No security software should detect the script as malicious.

Commit message:

Color commentary on KingSoft false positve

README.md, after:

# 💣Hellbomb💣 Script for fixing Helldivers 2 Issues

![image](https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/assets/166264070/cc30472b-83ab-4b2f-90b9-2f1ec2170e50)



## How to Use:

 1. **Open** PowerShell (no need to run as an Administrator)
 2. Click on [the PowerShell script]([url](https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/blob/main/Hellbomb%20Script.ps1))
 3. **Copy** entire script by clicking the copy button in the top right by the script
    
       <img src = "https://github.com/helldivers2fixes/HellbombScript/assets/166264070/5a600b1c-64f6-4956-ba2f-f82c9a317f81" height=50>
       
 6. **Paste** into PowerShell (right-clicking **only** will paste)
 7. Press **Enter** until the program runs, and the menu appears (depending on how you paste you may have to press **Enter** a couple of times)
 8. Choose a selection using the corresponding letters
 9. Expect Administrator prompts depending on what you're doing. Check to make sure the prompts match what you wanted to do.

**Security Info:**

VirusTotal results: [https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854](https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854) for HellbombScript.ps1
You can check the File Hash by:

1. Saving the script as a .ps1
2. Changing to the directory where the script is saved
3. Running ``Get-FileHash 'Hellbomb Script.ps1' -eq 764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854`` should return ``True``

The ``Hellbomb Script.ps1`` SHA265 hash should match the VirusTotal file hash of ``764b413af50f028a8a1bdff4854248164f26b6152efb9a7ee0e7cb11ef4d6854``.

No security software should detect the script as malicious. Well unless you're using Kingsoft... idk why but it seems to think almost everything is a Virus 😆
